Hey guys welcome back.
So in this video we're going to our sections so we can have three sessions this now playing bar the
guard left section centre section and right section.
And if I go back to here you can see this here is really the left section with the artwork in the name
of this song and then the artist.
This centre section is going to be the buttons for a play pause skip and then this bar on the right
the right section is going to be where the volume brand goes.
So go back to our next hour BHB file.
Am I going to add three divs inside of this.
Now Playing do measured space in there.
So I make up Dave Dave press tab one of them's going to be Ida now playing left by that copy and paste
that.
So paste it below not side pasted below so much you don't paste it inside the now plane left of paste
underneath and paste it again underneath that this was going to be now playing Shanter it's me now playing.
Right.
And then we will go back going stoney's individually there's not much style to apply.
So inside now playing by should hopefully see your three divs here and the Now Playing left and playing
right.
Just one two lines of code.
They just want a width of 30 percent and then a min width of 180 pixels.
Don't know when you re size window that would get smaller than 180 pixels if they're larger than 180
pixels.
They'll keep shrinking until it gets there and 80 pixels and it won't shrink any further.
Case you can see Freddy.
Well it looks like so copy and paste that in.
Go back to your style sheet.
Society s s n n underneath there just but now playing the left side there.
But we also want to do this for now plane right as well.
So copy that and then paste underneath a comma and paste in an eighth in change left to right.
So now this code will be applied to our plain left elements and an outline right elements.
Okay that's because the commas there make sure you don't forget to put the comma there was a won't work.
But the kind of there.
If I go back to here to refresh the page you see the Now Playing left has vibes and width in another
right.
Also has no problem with now playing centre is actually in between those two.
You just can't see it because it hasn't got a with yet.
So yes go ahead and give that with now in there to a width 40 percent like that.
And then you see those percent there are forks in the centre and 3 percent there say 30 30 40.
Adding up to 100.
So we are in total with 100 per cent width.
We want the max width to be maybe 700 pixels we'll be able to change this when we actually add the content.
So if we need to increase that we will find algebra 7 and it picks all of that would be fine.
That means it won't get any larger than the 7 inch pixels.
It will keep increasing in sizes as long as you resize the screen larger but it won't get any large
in 700 pixels.
So the section will have a maximum width of 7 inch of sorts.
We also want to give this display flaks as well like that and then we want to say flex direction to
be column.
And this just says the direction of the flexible items and the column means they'll be displayed like
columns.
Okay you can do some more really up on that.
I do suggest you know when and do some more research on that as some point is a very useful thing to
know.
Just Google fleck's Direction column and you'll get a very good list of articles come up.
I go off and I'll just stick that in there.
I'm guessing we do is just line up line items centre.
Okay a line item centre.
You won't see a change on at the moment but just know that this will make sure all the items inside
there are aligned in the centre.
So copy and paste that in to start a sheet at the bottom.
Do now play King Centre like that paste in there and save it and then when it first the page you should
see all your sections overshoot then so you should still see your 30 percent 40 percent and you 30 percent.
I guess so.
Style has been applied so that the main structure about now playing by know the last couple of videos
have been pretty boring because always done is out pretty much empty elements that stick with this.
It's always slow getting started like this because we have to get the basic structure of our 8 year
old document down so I know the last few years have been quite slow we we've added one element per video
but now we've done the boy pilot now can get drowsy adding the burns in the cool stuff.
So these next viewers should be quite interesting.